Shut up for me
What kind of decency does it make to be noisy?
Mom
Brother Fearless knows that it will be your birthday in a few days
I have a special gift for you.
This is my heart
Auntie wishes you a happy birthday in advance.
Fushou Centennial
What decent thing can he send?
Even the packaging doesn't look expensive.
In the afternoon festival, our Zhang family has countless treasures
You mustn't take any junk
Just to fool my mom
It's probably not as big as tens of grams.
Blue diamonds with such a pure texture
It's the first time I've seen you.
This blue dream
It used to be the treasure of Queen Catherine
priceless
Thanks, I love it.
You have a heart
Impossible he's a lowly pariah
How could it be possible to take out such a precious blue diamond?
This must be a fake. Mom has treasured gems for years
If it is fake
How could you hide it from him?
Even if true
He must have stolen it.
Even if it's not stolen
He must have cheated it from another woman
A soft rice guy like him
The best way to coax women is enough
I already said it.
Wuji is his own family
The two of you have repeatedly made provocative remarks
If you dare to speak again, get me out
Why did Uncle Zhang get so angry?
Are you blaming me for being late?